Add GP3 documentation (#518)
EventStore/documentation: docs/cloud/faq/README.md

#### Are there plans to support automatic disk resize?

> Disks can be expanded on-demand in AWS and GCP, for Azure read the procedure in the [documentation](../ops/README.md#expanding-disks).

Reviewer: Please keep the "cloud providers set certain limitations..."
We had customers hit that :-(

Reviewer 2: This is nit-picky, but I believe it would be clearer if the comma was changed to a period: `Disks can be expanded on-demand in AWS and GCP. For Azure,...`.

> Disks can be expanded on-demand in AWS and GCP. For Azure read the procedure in the [documentation](../ops/README.md#expanding-disks). Cloud providers set certain limitations on how often you can perform the disk resize operation, please follow your provider guidelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No, you have to resize the disks yourself. Disks can be expanded on-demand in AWS and GCP. For Azure read the procedure in the [documentation](../ops/README.md#expanding-disks). Because cloud providers limit how often disk resize operations can be performed the EventStore Cloud may enforce a waiting period on recently resized clusters before they can get resized again.
```

Reviewer 2: I think `No, you have to resize the disks yourself.` should be left in.
